Pact documentation for GitHub Actions (#3783)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/pact-testing.html.md

  - [Consumer example](https://github.com/alphagov/gds-api-adapters/pull/1066) (Note: since this example was written [we now store pact tests in the `tests/pacts` directory](https://github.com/alphagov/gds-api-adapters/blob/main/test/pacts)).
  - [Provider example](https://github.com/alphagov/imminence/pull/644).

1. Check the tests pass locally for both provider and consumer
  - CI won't be able to test them yet as they won't be pushed to the pact broker.

1. Merge the consumer tests for the new app.

>   - This will cause the pact tests to be published to the pact broker, given the [project has been configured to do so](https://github.com/alphagov/gds-api-adapters/blob/bcc8e58eccf69dd37657d13156cbe11c07535844/.github/workflows/ci.yml#L37-L51).

Reviewer: Seems unnecessarily wordy - how about:

```suggestion
  - This will cause the [pact tests to be published to the pact broker](https://github.com/alphagov/gds-api-adapters/blob/bcc8e58eccf69dd37657d13156cbe11c07535844/.github/workflows/ci.yml#L37-L51).
```

1. Make the change to the pactfile in the consumer (e.g. GDS API Adapters), in a branch.
  - Its build should fail at the Pact test stage, because it is testing against the default branch of the provider.
1. Confirm locally that the provider can verify against the published consumer pact
  - `env PACT_CONSUMER_VERSION=branch-<branch-of-gds-api-adapters> bundle exec rake pact:verify`

1. Merge the provider change

>   - The failing pact test should not block merging.

Reviewer: Subtle change, makes it a bit clearer this is by choice and not coincidence:

```suggestion
  - We've configured failing Pact tests to not block merging, so you should still be able to merge.
```
